When our little daughter, Belen,
was nearly three years old,
the doctors discovered
that she had a brain tumor.
When her physical condition worsened,
as a father, I had to make decisions
on what kind of treatment
she would receive to best take care of her.
And that completely terrified me.
It was like having Goliath
in front of me,
and I felt desperate for a moment.
I remember that inside
I shouted to Jehovah to help me.
Through that situation,
I learned how to pray to Jehovah,
and Jehovah never left me.
Jehovah guided me.
Jehovah helped me make good decisions.
Only through prayer
did I understand
that what we were facing
was too much for us to handle alone.
We needed Jehovah
more than ever.
As a family, we focused on our spiritual routine.
The key to not being afraid of these problems
is to trust in the resurrection hope.
My wife and I were determined
to educate our girls with love
and also in a way that they would truly
get to know Jehovah as they grew up.
It was evident that we were
leaning on Jehovah,
and they did the same.
Belen, when she
was going through difficult circumstances,
she would say to me: “Don’t worry, Mom.
I prayed to Jehovah already!”
It made me see that, OK,
my daughter is seeing Jehovah as so real.
There were many moments
where she strengthened me.
And even though it’s true
that Belen fell asleep in death,
for me she came out victorious
because I know she’s going
to open her eyes in the new world,
and the four of us will be together again.